Can
Richelle Direny: You hear me.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I see your, your, your hair blowing in the wind.
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: If you are you by the beach.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, we're like, I'm right on the beach.
Richelle Direny: Oh, nice. I'm not
Saying
Richelle Direny: Oh,
Richelle Direny: Yes. Nice.
Richelle Direny: I know you're in complete vacation mode.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, I love it.
Richelle Direny: That is nice.
Richelle Direny: It seems like there's a lot of people on the beach already
Donita McClintic: Yeah, there is.
Richelle Direny: Did you guys, when did you get in yesterday.
Donita McClintic: Yeah yeah I
Donita McClintic: Mean yesterday.
Donita McClintic: I drove here. We came, we came to North Carolina for
Donita McClintic: Wednesday after group and I had to do. Oh my gosh, it was so bad it raining the whole time.
Donita McClintic: And I i hydroplane to few times in my anxiety was like I was done, but I've had gum and I keep going.
Richelle Direny: But you made it.
Richelle Direny: You made I made it. Thank God.
Richelle Direny: The words from where you're where you're coming from.
Donita McClintic: I'm all together like 10 1112, something like that.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: But either way, you made it. I'm and I'm just so excited. I'm so excited for you because I know
Richelle Direny: You like you said, it's been years since you've ever gone on any type of vacation.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, um, and knowing that you're in kind of that where you're just kind of free from everything and you're at a different place in your life, so you're able to take it all in that appreciate it all. So that's, I am so excited for you.
Donita McClintic: I'm really thankful
Richelle Direny: For you just looking at that scenery. As you showed it to me. I'm just excited that you know for you to be able to take that all in
Richelle Direny: I'M IN JUST A just with a different mindset and even thinking about, you know what I what I even when you shared it in group. And I thought to myself, Wow.
Richelle Direny: When you boldly took a stance and said that you were kind of leaving this toxic life and relationship behind and you're going to choose you, and in choosing you you're where you are right now. Yeah. And so, and because you're with your mom and your arm right
Yep.
Richelle Direny: Kayla
Donita McClintic: Kayla
Richelle Direny: Yes, yeah.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, she slept with me last she slept with me. The last student height.
Donita McClintic: Like it
Richelle Direny: How did you handle the right because that's a long ride.
Donita McClintic: You know what she was good.
Donita McClintic: She was good. I couldn't believe it. There's a couple times. She was so fuzzy, but we
Donita McClintic: Are I brought my niece came
Donita McClintic: Out with us and she's 15 says she could stay in the back of the car with their mom. They had keep turning around.
Donita McClintic: And she's great.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, I could believe it. That's
Richelle Direny: Good. So how was it for you, like, I want you just to be able to share in the reason why I want you to share your experience just like this whole experience and kind of where you are right now.
Richelle Direny: Because I also want you to hear it back for you to also mentally an emotional process kind of
Richelle Direny: Like this journey that you're on now and kind of where you are today.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, I just
Donita McClintic: I still K, it will last time I was here, I was in 2005 when I had my kids with me, but it's my boys are little
Donita McClintic: That was calm to like when I first seen the water
Donita McClintic: It kind of made me a little sad because they're not here this time but but then again, I'm like, Okay, I'm here with my mom.
Donita McClintic: And I don't know, I'm just, I got butterflies and so
Donita McClintic: I'm happy.
Donita McClintic: I'm really happy. I am grateful that I'm thankful that that my aunt asked us to come
Donita McClintic: Because we my mom needed to get away from my dad to my dad is
Donita McClintic: Usable
Donita McClintic: And where everybody's been stuck in the house together. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Well, to get away.
Richelle Direny: Is definitely a breath of fresh air.
Donita McClintic: Oh yeah, and the air is lovely.
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Listen to having I am sure I oh sure that hair is lovely. Um, how was it for your mom because I know that was one of your biggest things for you on this journey is. There's the relationship with your mom.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, she's having a ball.
Donita McClintic: He's having fun and I kept Kayla last night higher math right rather than where I had like Heidi and whatever. I'm like, I was just drawing. So they walk out there. We're going to get in the hot tub and whatever. And I just Caitlin here and cheap dollar tablet and we would sit
Donita McClintic: There. So God
Richelle Direny: I don't know where you are right now. What if you weren't if you're sitting down somewhere, but you're breaking up because you're frozen. Okay, hear you but you're frozen on the screen.
Donita McClintic: Okay. Can you see me now.
Richelle Direny: Yeah yeah
Donita McClintic: Okay, yeah, I'm sitting in the room.
Donita McClintic: So you said
Donita McClintic: Wendy
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah, I could see it. The wind in the trees.
Donita McClintic: Um, yeah.
Richelle Direny: Did you say that you they went to the hot tub and you just kind of stayed in the room with the little
Donita McClintic: One. Yeah.
Donita McClintic: Uh huh. Yes, they could have some time to there so
Richelle Direny: Okay. Yeah. Okay, that's, that's exciting.
Richelle Direny: Now, as you know, in all of this, as you're going through it. Has your husband tried to get in contact with you. It has even reaching out to you.
Donita McClintic: And I talked to him the other day. His mother at and talk to him over a month and she was worried about him and she did so I am blocked them and
Donita McClintic: After I am blocked. He was, he actually talked to her, but I couldn't blocking back again because you have to wait 48 hours but I blocked him back. But I told him.
Donita McClintic: Did he we need to start with the boards process.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: Also, you told him worse.
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, cuz he's not gonna change, he's still doing the same things.
Richelle Direny: So,
Donita McClintic: Yeah. Oh, he told me that he needs it cuz he's still doing stuff he needs my support and whatever. And I told him what I didn't have yours makes you any different.
Donita McClintic: So yeah, but I told him.
Richelle Direny: So his response to the divorce was that he needed your support to change.
Yes.
Yeah.
Donita McClintic: But it's not it's not going to work. You are beautiful.
Richelle Direny: Place where you say, you're done.
Donita McClintic: I'm done. Yeah.
Yep.
Richelle Direny: And how did
That
Richelle Direny: Make you feel when just tell me, because that's the first time you've ever said to him that you
Richelle Direny: Need to turn it
Donita McClintic: On at first I was really nervous and whatever. But after I said it and the way he acted
Donita McClintic: confirmed to me that. Yeah.
Donita McClintic: We need to do that.
Donita McClintic: I got I don't miss him. I don't miss top down. Now, in the beginning, like how it was in the beginning, but it's not ever going to be that so
Donita McClintic: So yeah, I wanted a divorce.
Donita McClintic: So,
Donita McClintic: And you'll continue to do the things that he's doing because if we was to get back together and whatever he's just gonna hide or do and I'm not stupid because I'm an addict. I know what he's doing.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm.
Donita McClintic: He forgets that I keep trying to lie to me and tell me he's not doing anything. But then other sentence or whatever.
Donita McClintic: He would tell them, Oh,
Donita McClintic: Mama, he thought he overdosed or something. I don't remember how he said it now. Now, it's like, see what I mean like, no.
Donita McClintic: I must have been high when he was telling me about
Donita McClintic: Him almost overdose. And has he forgot that he told me anyone don't know that. I don't know.
Richelle Direny: For
Richelle Direny: Sure.
Richelle Direny: And, you know, and they'd be end of the day, it all comes down to, you know, this concept of choosing you defining who are like, I think in group when we talked about the arm. The I am like
Richelle Direny: Defining yeah like you know you have a purpose you you're choosing you you love yourself in, you know, you have to, you know, you're a strong woman, and it's just to find that strength in you again.
Richelle Direny: It right
Richelle Direny: Yes, a lot of those internal qualities that you have that somewhat got suppressed because of you know your addiction or the relationship that you've worked in
Richelle Direny: And, and, you know, it talks about your loyalty, because in this case, it shows your loyalty to the relationship. But then you have to really
Richelle Direny: I'm pretty much review and just kind of say hey you know what my voice is my loyalty, just to him, or do I is my loyalty first comes to me. And so, and what's
Richelle Direny: Your loyalty to you.
Richelle Direny: And loving yourself and remembering who you were, because you somewhat got lost in this relationship with him that you were slowly dying.
Richelle Direny: I'm mentally, emotionally, physically, you were still trying. You're killing yourself because of your loyalty to him and that type of love is not healthy love
That type
Richelle Direny: You know love is really not healthy because
Richelle Direny: You know the commandment says love others as you love yourself, but then you were loving him way more than you are loving yourself. Right. The challenge here now is
Richelle Direny: We're learning how to love yourself again I'm putting yourself first being loyal to you, taking care of you and doing what's best for you. And once you find that in a healthy tone. If you once you find, you know,
Richelle Direny: Once you're able to capitalize on that, once you're able to you know hone in on that and
Richelle Direny: You know, make it a solid foundation under you, you will be able to love someone else in a much healthier way and you're able to identify from
Richelle Direny: You know what's, what does it mean to love myself to love others, like myself, I'm going to love you the way I love myself, which means that
Richelle Direny: I am going to be loyal to you the way I'm loyal to myself. I'm going to care for you. The way I care for myself in a healthy way.
Richelle Direny: But I've took that time to learn what that looks like and what that means. So therefore, now that I completely understand what that means in looks like now I can do that for you in a much healthier way.
Until
Richelle Direny: Whatever he, you know, and there is some degree of manipulation there because what I love what you said that when he saying, Okay, well, I want your support.
Richelle Direny: It's kind of like, I'm going to play on your heart and I'm gonna play on words because I know you're going to fall for it. I've been with you long enough to know how to kind of
Richelle Direny: Throw the food, the than the fish hook out and to reel you back in. And if I'm able to
Richelle Direny: Based on the time that we've been together. He's been able to bring you back quicker. And so at this point.
Richelle Direny: You shocked him when you said no I'm not coming back there.
Richelle Direny: I think you subscribe.
Richelle Direny: said no, you need to figure out your thing. And so there's still be those persistence ways of trying to get you back. But again, you have to remember
Richelle Direny: That that promise you made to yourself. I'm choosing me
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, yeah, he didn't. I mean, when he's not supported me, if anything, he has
Donita McClintic: Because I mean, when I was with him until I mean because I've been doing this for this referral for over 18 months. I mean, November will be two years.
Donita McClintic: And he still would come around me, and he would do things and then that's tempting to me to want to do it. So he didn't support me, even this whole time. He's not supported me so I just had to be strong and not fall down back down the hill or whatever but
Donita McClintic: Yeah, so when he said that no, you still get more support at all.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, he didn't give me any
Donita McClintic: So that's what I told him, I said, Mark, you have to do.
Donita McClintic: You have to do for yourself. Not for me. I can't do for you. You can't do it for me. You gotta do it for you. I'm doing it for me. That's what I told him, but
Richelle Direny: And you know what the reality.
Richelle Direny: You are supporting him. You're just not supporting him in the way he wants you. Or he thinks you should surprise, you're supporting him by saying I need to work on me and you need to work on you. Together we're each other's trigger together. We're not helping each other. So then
Richelle Direny: Support my decision.
Richelle Direny: To walk away from this relationship why I support you in your efforts to go and get help. Just like how are you, I'm getting the help so
Richelle Direny: Oftentimes we listen know oftentimes we all have
Richelle Direny: We
Richelle Direny: All have expected. Yeah, we have expectations I have exceeded expectations we create we say, okay, I want to do this when we want to do something we have created in our head.
Richelle Direny: How we think it should play out how it should look before, during and after the process and in our minds, we have confirmed that this is how the outcome should look
Richelle Direny: And if it doesn't look like that oftentimes we get really depressed, we get really we're really sad. We feel defeated. We get hopeless and it's all because we have created in our heads.
Richelle Direny: These expectations of how we want things to be not only do we can't create expectations. We elevate these expectations and oftentimes beyond what we're even able to do
Richelle Direny: And so
Richelle Direny: Are you hearing me
Donita McClintic: Yes, my phone's about to die. Mary I gotta hold on one second.
Roker
Donita McClintic: Need to charge your block.
Donita McClintic: You're hooked me up, Mary.
Donita McClintic: Well, that one quick
Donita McClintic: Okay, are you there.
Yeah.
Donita McClintic: Okay, my son was on like 30% it's on three. Yeah.
Donita McClintic: He went way quick
Richelle Direny: It mean you know what one of two things that your, your battery is no good in your phone.
Richelle Direny: Because when your batteries. No. Yes.
Richelle Direny: Or two
Donita McClintic: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Well, it's because we're on a video chat and because the Wi Fi maybe is not that great.
Richelle Direny: Where your problem.
greening the belt.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, yeah. Now it's up to. Oh.
Richelle Direny: Are you on
Donita McClintic: The hotel Wi Fi, but I also have data on my phone. It's probably going to
Donita McClintic: Let me see my and I have here.
Donita McClintic: Is that okay
Donita McClintic: Yeah yeah cuz it's not one person's gonna die. Okay, I'll be right back.
Donita McClintic: Okay.
Donita M: Okay, I'm sorry.
Donita M: Friends.
Donita M: Okay, can you hear me.
Yeah.
Donita M: Okay, sorry about that.
Donita M: I know I was looking forward to this Wednesday, because I wanted to tell you about Mark about me. Talk to him. And, um,
Donita M: It didn't the I went to go get my teeth pulled and then they wouldn't do it because my blood pressure was too high. And I was like, that's my luck.
Donita M: But now I go on the 18th of June, so
Donita M: My blood pressure was high, because they let me sit there two and a half hours after my appointment time. So I was mad, and I was nervous. So I've ever been told I had high blood pressure.
Richelle Direny: I'm sure being upset and nervous is contributed to some of it.
Donita M: Some of. Yeah.
Donita M: Yeah, so
Donita M: I go on the 18th. Now to get my teeth done so.
Donita M: I was excited about that. And then I got shot back down. But then it's like okay 18th. I'm still ready to get it done. Like, I can't wait to do that. They don't feel so much better about myself, but
Richelle Direny: That's a Thursday.
Donita M: Is it yeah yeah
Donita M: So, and then the, the old man that I was helping
Donita M: I put up in him because he in his mind he's thinking he's gonna sleep in the same bed as I did, I was like, No, you're not. He was like, not sexual. I just want. I was like, nope, nope, nope. So I look at that as, like, I'm not. I'm done.
Donita M: I quit doing that, but then that just gives me more time to help of my mom's
Richelle Direny: With you.
Donita M: Yeah, you wanted to say put up with me. He said, I'll sleep on top of the blanket and you can start like no new
Donita M: Right. Yeah. I was like, no, or no.
Donita M: I don't know. He's actually back in the hospital. He got we had a call squatting before we left
Donita M: He's got COPD really bad. And he calls. He tries to hold it in and then he just like he doesn't get enough oxygen, a kind of like passed out so
Donita M: You went back to the hospital.
Donita M: Bit yeah that was, I was like, you're not sleeping in the bed with me know
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Donita M: Cuz see some nights I would sit down there wissing because there's been sick and whatever, and
Donita M: I had a room than a minute yeah room at the other house.
Donita M: Yeah, and he always comes to sleep in the same bed with me and like they're not going to happen.
Donita M: To be my grandpa. I know you know so bear with me.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
But
Richelle Direny: Got a little beside himself. He got a little beside himself there.
Donita M: Yeah. Sure did.
Donita M: And then another thing is, um,
Donita M: My son's dad which he's actually I just got him in prior to her health games Curtis. Okay, that's my son's bad
Donita M: He's another one that I'm is getting on my nerves like he always trying to since I'm not with Mark he's thinking he's gonna cut my own back in. And I'm like, Nope, the socket and either the mean Jimmy or but like we've been best friends.
Donita M: Forever even know we're not together anymore we're not together because he cheated on me, so I'm like I don't I don't forget that and i'm not i'm not i'm not good either. But
Donita M: I just got him in the program and I had to help him do some stuff like
Donita M: I hope he did his stuff was like I wasn't able to do it. But, so I got him in there and hopefully he does well.
Donita M: But
Donita M: Um, no.
Richelle Direny: I'm just and i think i think like at this point you know it's with confidence. You know, gaining your own self confidence.
Richelle Direny: It's making those those boundaries is very, very clear between your yeah YOUR SON'S FATHER. And this guy that you know making those boundaries boundaries very clear, so they can respect.
Richelle Direny: Who you are
Richelle Direny: As a person what you're doing for yourself and where you're heading and just making that very clear. And if it means that you know with love, you kind of have to keep somewhat of a distance from them. If that's what you have to do while you are working on you. That's what you sometimes
Richelle Direny: By no means. Am I suggesting this are saying that this is what they're thinking about, but just keep in mind that sometimes people would want to make changes and kind of like
Richelle Direny: What they're they're doing is like maybe if I do this, she'll take me back.
Richelle Direny: Yes. Hey, you have to do it for yourself. You can't do it.
Donita M: Right.
Richelle Direny: Can get back in a relationship with you.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, but
Richelle Direny: It's not gonna live long. It's that that purpose. It's not gonna, it's not gonna last, it's going to be just temporary just so I could get you kind of like I'm trying to get you back in my web
Richelle Direny: Right, so, you know, you have to be very clear, making them very clear and just letting them know, don't you just
Richelle Direny: Do what you're doing. Are you get, but, um, you need to, we're on our own journeys each other.
Donita M: Yeah, yeah. Is it raining where you are today.
Richelle Direny: It's not today. It's my out really beautiful out just looking through my window. It looks really beautiful out, but I could tell you this.
Richelle Direny: I don't know what I'm
Richelle Direny: I don't know what's going to look like in the next 230 minutes to an hour because sometimes
Richelle Direny: I turn around and then boom, it's black.
Donita M: Yeah, yeah, that's how it was here this morning, my mom. She got up at six months she said it's 854 it was 654
Donita M: But, um,
Donita M: Because my thing was at nine. And I was like, I thought I was like, I don't think she's gonna be fairly
Richelle Direny: Funny your it's actually your appointment was at 10
Donita M: Oh, was it
Richelle Direny: Yeah, it was a 10 it because I had a nine o'clock session, but that person didn't show so when
Richelle Direny: I thought oh she checked in super early. So when I when you I saw you. Come on. I was like, all right, I'll just meet with you early, but your appointment was actually
Donita M: OK, OK. We'll see. Okay.
Donita M: Early but um yeah they're getting ready. Everybody's getting dressed, and here I go down to the beach.
Richelle Direny: Okay then.
Donita M: But, um, yeah, I just wanted to I look for armies in any other day when she will I didn't get to meet with us kind of bond. But then we dug group. And so then I was better.
Richelle Direny: LIKE I SAID HE DON'T EVEN I sent the message or you think whoever had checked you in
Donita M: Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: Should have looked at the calendar to see that your appointment was actually a 12
Donita M: Right, yeah.
Richelle Direny: They should
Donita M: Let you check me in this morning she checked me in today also
Donita M: And she never said anything, you know,
Richelle Direny: That your appointment was at 10 yeah
Donita M: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: That you came on, because like I was able to meet with you early and it's good for you. Now, you could go back down to the beach really
Donita M: Early right yeah
Donita M: I mean,
Richelle Direny: I'm gonna let you go to the beach and enjoy the beautiful day because you know the weather can change just the drop of a hat.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Enjoy the rest of your little short vacation and in and just kind of just remember that this like when you're looking at sobriety and you working on you when you putting yourself first. This is what it looks like. Like looking at the sun smelling the fresh air and
Donita M: Everything.
Richelle Direny: It's just so it's it's new. It's like, I love it so
Richelle Direny: Yeah, your family continue bonding with your family, the people that are meaningful in life, because that's what Corona tells us
Richelle Direny: Makes the right people look at who is meaningful in our lives and spending that quality.
Richelle Direny: And for you. It's your mom. It's rebuilding that that relationship and how meaningful that is for you and for her and seeing and I like that she reminded you like hey you know what time it is. Don't you got something to do so.
Donita M: Yeah. Now, are you going to schedule an appointment or do they have to do that.
Richelle Direny: Um, hold on.
Richelle Direny: We were meeting on Mondays, weren't we
Yeah.
Donita M: Yeah. And then this last Monday was was the holiday. So that's why it was supposed to meet on Tuesday. But yeah, Mondays.
Donita M: Right.
Richelle Direny: Next to
Donita M: Wednesday at noon.
Richelle Direny: Is which which time is better for you, nine or 1010
Probably
Donita M: Yeah.
Donita M: And that's Eastern time, right.
Richelle Direny: Yes, your Eastern
Donita M: Yes, yeah. Yeah, I was just making sure
Richelle Direny: Okay, um, you know what, oh, this is what I might have to do
Richelle Direny: Let's do the 12th at 10 which is a Friday because these are of their all those time slots are all taken
Donita M: Okay, that's fine. I can do it any day. That's fine.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, yeah. Um, because the other thing is
Richelle Direny: Or we can do Monday on the eighth at 11
Donita M: Okay, that'll work.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so then
Richelle Direny: Do the A for the Monday 11 okay
I'll send them. Okay.
Donita M: Okay, the eighth at 11
Richelle Direny: Yes, yes.
Donita M: Okay. All right. Well, you have a rest of your day. Good day, for God. You know what I mean, I can't say
Donita M: Thanks for shell. I'll see you Wednesday.
All right.